It is the part that has been made so far that is lined up here
Parts of the torso and then parts of the arm well Ashiro Par 2
That is part is it in this this part of the head
It is this side pa that I had not made yet at the time of conductor
It parts of the power pipe is here to keep up with from here to the place of that before back
In this time
I would like to combine this part
That's why it's a part here, but this one
How about this part next to it
After about
This power pipe leads to Tokyo University from the back
Though it is a power pipe, this one is already all
Matte in the corner and return with Weathering Master
It is the state that coloring is completed, too
Before that in but this is what the assemble and Well body sensibility
2 types
I think that I want to do this because there is a result
Make the body front
Nde is better this area went taut think it's probably easier to before you put away
First of all shield
I think that I want to do from the part put here
It is this decals in this shield, but it is this decals, but this is rubbed from above
I guy is Nan
A little
I have failed but this must be done before the thick bake spray blows
Not
Living
For a slight decrease in adhesion if you do a matte spray
Actually Kedomo is a good tan if doing both before 1 Taitetsu Toka Weathering Master
I forgot
I do not know whether it will stick properly but I would like to do it too
Well good because I was out a little center was stick them Oh that I Kachanto
that
I can manage it
It became like this when pasting
In one star is
day
I 've been missing a little bit , but I guess this is a mark
A little
Oh dear
This is also a bit of taste
To
Rather it's clumsy there
It is not easy to take away
I also stuck the chest part
I think that I want to paste in 2 types
We finished paste seal of the body parts
Well Toka same paragraph After Tsu only
I also support car cat cherry
It is such a side thing
Toka I
Behind
It is a word
After
me
Well also I'd shield is also a little top goods sour hill
Hurry up like this
feet
9 First yellow place and
I think it's a triangle
Behind or behind
It is such a place of power
I will try to unite someday
First of all
I want to combine the pass and the torso
I made a part of the torso
It only heads after
here we go
Zaku's
The body portion completed this Taha
Because it was only 1/144 that I had made recently
Well it's been a long time since this master grade is a size of 1/100 that's why it's huge
Since Well strapping and details have been fabricated after all finely
There is an answer that they make
After all there is a line of such a place
Because it is beautiful
Para It feels good to be real
It's always silver Well this is also silver
Weathering Master I'm here in this congress
I do not have patties but pumpa
Wu in the fact that the ground war. Order the usual Buber bought various other chopper
Follow
I think that I want to put on
I still always wear too much and I think it will be fun a
I 'm just trying to use Kappa's line master with just this foot for a moment
I tried to put a color, but are you attracted a little bit behind?
It's like this overwintering here is this two-person regular family
Hey that rust performed at tapper
I tried to put out a little bit of soil dirt or burned emotions
Buber 1 large arch-shaped patties kanji one character leg tea
me
So what both be not only Well, um here of one foot and then the entire Well
A little bit
I was attached to the feeling that I do not feel too much
Also I Well I'm a little more whether this screen is a little confusing
Add kappa
Furnace Weathering Master is also not just silver Kappa
What color is it?
If you are using a select sweetness comes in like this
Te Do North
Hm part body
As it was completed in such a feeling
I think that would like to enter in there production It is a weapon of Zaku from the next time